Add libwebsockets as component (#718)
espressif/esp-protocols: components/libwebsockets/README.md

# ESP32 libwebsockets Port

This is a lightweight port of the libwebsockets library designed to run on the ESP32. It provides WebSocket client functionalities.

## Supported Options

> The ESP32 port of libwebsockets supports a set of common WebSocket configurations for clients. These options can be configured through a structure passed to the `lws_create_context()` function.

Reviewer: nitpick
```suggestion
The ESP-IDF port of libwebsockets supports a set of common WebSocket configurations for clients. These options can be configured through a structure passed to the `lws_create_context()` function.
```

Author: done, tks

Key features supported:
- WebSocket with optional SSL/TLS
- HTTP/1.1 client support

## Memory Footprint Considerations

The memory consumption primarily depends on the number of concurrent connections and the selected options for WebSocket frames, protocol handling, and SSL/TLS features. It consumes approximately 300 kB of program memory.

### Client:
- **Initial Memory Usage**: ~8 kB of heap on startup

> - **Connected Memory Usage**: ~31 kB of heap after connected to a server

Author: TLS

> - **Connected Memory Usage**: ~31 kB of heap after connected to a server

Reviewer: weird, could you double check please?
I was under an impression that for the TLS connection itself you needs about 30k. (but that's still possible, meaning that websocket part is not adding much).
also, how much heap would it take to establish a plain TCP connection?

> - **Connected Memory Usage**: ~31 kB of heap after connected to a server

Reviewer 2: Also the context scenario for the measurements should be added so users can understand the data better.

> - **Connected Memory Usage**: ~31 kB of heap after connected to a server

Author: @david-cermak , you're absolutly right, my bad.

TCP ( ~4.5 kB ):
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cfe55f2f-0f58-4974-a5fc-a5da50468eac)

TLS ( ~35.3 kB ) : 
<img width="766" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0fa6a204-bdc9-4d9b-9629-8f8255f4b26b" />

> - **Connected Memory Usage**: ~31 kB of heap after connected to a server

Author: @david-cermak , updated the values
@euripedesrocha, added a brief description from where I get the values

# ESP32 libwebsockets Port

This is a lightweight port of the libwebsockets library designed to run on the ESP32. It provides WebSocket client and server functionalities.

## Supported Options

The ESP32 port of libwebsockets supports a set of common WebSocket configurations, including both server and client modes. These options can be configured through a structure passed to the `lws_create_context()` function.

Key features supported:
- WebSocket server with optional SSL/TLS
- WebSocket client support
- HTTP/1.1 server and client support

## Mandatory Use of mbedTLS

For secure WebSocket communication (WSS) and SSL/TLS support, **mbedTLS** is mandatory. mbedTLS provides the cryptographic functions required for establishing secure connections and is included as part of the ESP32 toolchain.

- **mbedTLS** is required for all encrypted WebSocket (WSS) and HTTPS connections.

> - Ensure that mbedTLS is properly configured in your ESP32 project, as it is essential for enabling SSL/TLS functionality.

Reviewer 2: It is better to add how the user will do the task. Add a line on how to configure the needed settings. Better if make it automated or at least a clear error.

Author: ok, will improve the comments

Author: removed the mbedtls section as agreed
